Hello and welcome to this new course this is the second part and the other ones are bit of the VM where
Visby of course this course necessary to be already have in it and completed the preview course Part
Number one that's covered our beginners future of VM were visited but we'll let you build your own VM
we're up and start configure and manage it.
I was at the center server deploy and manage Vetri and machine network and storage.
Then you can start with this new cores that were going to help you to muster all other features of the
VMware Wickwire 6.5.
If you remember from the preview we've world our home lab we create our central server and we practice
odd VM where fut. that's what we do look on stodge then we finish the course by up for stiction about
different external monsters available in VM where Vitry that the Santer environments know in discussions
will go into the next level and into other parts of the futures that we can't do it without having an
external storage or to be more specific as shedded stodge.
So in discourse Arab world my home lab after the 60 day trial expired so we can practice more with another
trial version without any problem.
By following this course you will learn how to configure and manage to distribute to scheduling dress
and the.
The height of ability each a default Rylands empty resource pool.
Divvy up the host provide the updates manager and the more and the more.
Hey it's been I am a system and network administrator.
I graduated from as he did of Applied Technology in 2008 and I start managing Vitruvian environment
using VM technology from 2000 mine.
I keep learning every day and I succeed to muster all the technical futures and tools of VM where does
fit troubled of course.
Maybe you will feel that my accent is a little stronger because English is my third language.
As you know everyone has an accent.
The fact that we think the way we speak is normal is the first clue that empathy is quite difficult.
You might also notice how easy it is to NOT ICE people who are much worse at driving than you are but
that you almost never recognize someone who's driving better than you are.
So let's start discovering VM where our future together in the next lectures.